# Question Answering Task

We use Question Answering models retrieve the answers to a question from a given text, which is useful for searching for an answer in a document. Some question answering models can generate answers without context.


# Use cases(Frequently Asked Questions)

We can use Question Answering models to automate the response to frequently asked questions by using a knowledge base (documents) as context. Answers to customer questions can be drawn from those documents.

And there is a inference time, and we can first use [passage ranking models]() to see which document might contain the answers to the question and iterate over that document with the QA model instead.


# Task Variants

There are different QA variants based on the inputs and outputs:

**Extractive QA**

The model **extracts** the answer from a context. The context here could be a provided text, a table or even HTML! This is usually solved with BERT-like models.

**Open Generative QA**

The model **generates** free text directly based on the context.

**CLosed Generative QA**

In this case, no context is provied. The answer is completely generated by a model.

The schema above illustrates extractive, open book QA. The model takes a context and the question and extracts the answer from the given context.

We can also differentiate QA models depending on whether they are open-domain or closed-domain. Open-domain models are not restricted to a specific domain, while closed-domain models are restricted to a specific domain(e.g. legal, medical documents).
